README.md, before:

# OOP HW2-3 Fix

This repository attempts to modernize JJK's code.

![UML](assets/UML.svg)

## Breaking Changes

In order to improve on JJK's code, the following breaking changes have been made(might not be exhaustive):

- All mutators and accessors have been renamed to use snake_case instead of camelCase.
- `GET` and `SET` has been modified to take one parameter only. The type of the property, the name of the accessor/mutator and the name of their parameters will be generated automatically. `GET_WITH_NAME` and `SET_WITH_NAME` were also added for customizing the generated accessor/mutator names.
- All generators have been deleted. Templates are used in place of them for a more type-safe approach.
- All special members have become public because of the removal of generators.
- `*::generator::print` functions have been moved to their enclosing classes of the inner classes they belong. For example, call `header::print` instead of `header::generator:print`. Except for `event::generator::print`, which have been moved to `event::print_registered_event_types` because there was already an `event::print` that did something different.
- `packet::discard` has been removed since none of its members are dynamically allocated anymore.

## Usage Guides

This is a major revamp of JJK's code, so there are some features that you need to access in a different way. The following list tries to list all of them.

- Instead of calling `IoT_ctrl_payload::increase` directly, call `IoT_ctrl_packet::increase_payload_counter`.

- Since all accessors now return const references, so you can't directly call a non-const function on the return value of a accessors. Instead, there are usually alternative functions that you can call to achieve the same effect. For example, to change the src/dst/pre/nex IDs of a packet, instead of calling the getter for the header on the packet and then setting them, call the `set_src_ID`/`set_dst_ID`/`set_pre_ID`/`set_nex_ID` functions on the packet directly.

Commit message:

Employed std::variant and std::visit to avoid downcasting.
After packet have been changed to a template, everywhere that used to
take a packet* broke. std::variant is used in their place to avoid
downcasting.

Added missing default constructors to all packet derived classes.

Added set_msg and to packet.

Added set_parent to DIS_ctrl_packet.

Made the copy/move ocnstructor of packet behave like the original
generator's replicate.

Made packet::type and packet::addition_information const functions.

Modified README.md to better organize the Usage Guides section.

Modified .gitignore so that I can use changes.txt to remember what
changes I made.

Fixed all current compile errors.

README.md, after:

# OOP HW2-3 Fix

This repository attempts to modernize JJK's code.

![UML](assets/UML.svg)

## Breaking Changes

In order to improve on JJK's code, the following breaking changes have been made(might not be exhaustive):

- All mutators and accessors have been renamed to use snake_case instead of camelCase.
- `GET` and `SET` has been modified to take one parameter only. The type of the property, the name of the accessor/mutator and the name of their parameters will be generated automatically. `GET_WITH_NAME` and `SET_WITH_NAME` were also added for customizing the generated accessor/mutator names.
- All generators have been deleted. Templates are used in place of them for a more type-safe approach.
- All special members have become public because of the removal of generators.
- `*::generator::print` functions have been moved to their enclosing classes of the inner classes they belong. For example, call `header::print` instead of `header::generator:print`. Except for `event::generator::print`, which have been moved to `event::print_registered_event_types` because there was already an `event::print` that did something different.
- `packet::discard` has been removed since none of its members are dynamically allocated anymore.

## Usage Guides

This is a major revamp of JJK's code, so there are some features that you need to access in a different way. The following list tries to list all of them.

- Since all accessors now return const references, so you can't directly call a non-const function on the return value of a accessors. Instead, there are usually alternative functions that you can call to achieve the same effect:
  
  - Call `IoT_ctrl_packet::increase_payload_counter` instead of `IoT_ctrl_payload::increase`.
  - Call `set_src_ID`/`set_dst_ID`/`set_pre_ID`/`set_nex_ID`/`set_msg` on the packet directly instead of calling the getter for the header or payload on the packet and then setting them.
  
- Since all generators have been removed, you should use the following constructors instead of generators:
  
  - Call the default constructor of the packet type you want to generate instead of `packet::packet_generator::generate`.
  - Call the copy/move constructor of the packet type you want to replicate instead of `packet::packet_generator::replicate`.
  - Use the variant type `node::PacketTypes` and `std::visit` instead of `packet *` and downcasting.
